[audience welcoming applause] 

>> SVEN GRUNDBERG: Thank you Junghun. And, hello everybody. 
So today, 
I first want to go quickly through some of the reasons we at Embark wanted to make this game. 
And, go into a bit more detail about the underlying trend that we are tapping into with ARC Raiders. 
I will also share an overview of the game, the premise, and the world, and the universe we have built. 
And, the role you take in this universe, your objectives and motivations as a Raider 
fighting for your own survival and that of your home and colony. 
And lastly, I will give you a brief update on where we are, and some news and our steps a head. 

>> SVEN: ARC Raiders is a game that taps deep into something we at Embark like to call: 
"consequential play". 
This is one of the clearest and most profound trends in the games industry over the past decade. 
It is a trend that we think has spurred the creation of some of the last decades most popular games 
and game modes. 
It is a trend that has been with us for some time, but that continues to accelerate and grow. 
"Consequential play" is seen in games where choices matter, and where failure has consquences. 
It is best defined by a few important game mechanics, and philosophies, 
that lead to more impactful and persistent consequences for players. 
These are mechanics that give players a sense of impact and control over gameplay. 
Mechanics that: reward risk according to the challenge. 
And, mechanics that: lets players be in control of their stakes. 

>> SVEN: "Consequential play" is not limited to any single genre. 
In fact, you see it across a number of different game genres, like Battle Royales, 
Extraction games, Survival games, Rougelikes, and Soulsbornes. 
As I said, many of the most popular and acclaimed new game releases over the past 10 years. 
And what these contain are things like single-life sessions, which means you cannot respawn. 
Or permadeath, which means that you only have one try, or where failure means 
the potential loss of progression. 
All of this ensures high-stakes, consequential play. 
And that takes us to ARC Raiders. 
We have been quiet about ARC Raiders for a little while here, as we develop the game. 
But, it is finally time for us to start showing you, and the world, this game of ours. 
So, lets take it away. 

>> SVEN: ARC Raiders is a third-person PvPvE action survival shooter, emphasizing immersion, 
tense action, consequential play, deep progression, and high usability. 
It is set on Earth several hundred years into the future, following a mass exodus of 
humans into space due to an ecological collapse. 
And, this is a large and expansive universe... and we are inviting all of you to explore 
this vast and beautiful world. 
It is a high-stakes game, with high tension. Where you play in various hostile and dangerous locations. 
Out there, as a Raider, you need to savenge and hunt for resources for your colony. 
But in your way, stands ARC machines. This is a musterious deadly foe with a hidden agenda. 
Ranging from small drones, to lethal mechanical giants. 
And of course, other players - Raiders - who are also in the world competing with you for loot. 
This means that the gameplay and the mechanics are centered around human vs human, 
human vs machine, and having to grapple with a conflicting nature of your own humanity. 
It is a game that lives on tension from the combination of these mechanics. 
You have to be on your toes, you have to carefully consider your way to your goal. 
And, prepare for the unknown, and be ready for any danger on your way. 

>> SVEN: And, when the action does happen, it is a peak 
that contrasts the moment that came before it. The action is visceral, tactile, and grounded. 
And, it will invite you to a rich sandbox of gadgets and tools, some of it more familiar 
and some of it more exotic, utilitatian Raider tech. 
And besides just scavenging, and looting, and the visceral combat, the traders 
in your colony, Speranza, will send you out on quests. Such as discovering probes 
deployed by ARC from orbit, or uncovering mysteries, or challenges, to bring back special ARC materials, 
and sometimes having to fight the machines for it. 
But to reap the rewards and to grow as a Raider, you will have to make it out alive, 
and return back to the colony. Return home. 
This is where you trade your loot, and your valuables. To build, and upgrade, and improve, 
and expand your chambers. Your home. 
And ultimately grow your own character, your Raider, and your loadout, to suit your playstyle. 
To become the Raider that you want to be. 
ARC Raiders presents itself as an immersive adventure. And, our ambition has been here to create a vibrant, 
and inviting world that we want you to love to explore. 
Even though the world as we know it is gone, and the premise is dark, the presentation of 
this game is deliberately colorful, charming, and grounded. 
We want this world to feel real, and alive. 
The massive colony we live in is fractured. But the neighborhood of Speranza, 
that we call home, is cozy, it is immersive, and it feels like a real place. 
The traders, and the quest givers that you interact with are real people. 
And, as you start playing this game, your journey has just begun, and the stories in our universe will 
take you into new adventures across the world. 
Our world will always grow bigger, and take players futher away beyond the first valley, 
evolving the game world, the gameplay, and the player experience itself. 

>> SVEN: So, we recently made a few annoucements around the development, and where are are. 
So, let's not beat around the bush, and let you in on what is next for the game. 
Firstly, the public playtesting of ARC Raiders is starting already this fall. Next month. 
We are starting with the first playtest on Steam, between October 24th and 27th. 
And players will have to sign-up for playtesting on our Steam app, to get an opportunity to play. 
And, console testing will follow later. 
And secondly, we have an update on the release of the game. 
ARC Raiders will be released in 2025 on PC, that is Steam and Epic Games Store. 
Consoles, PS5 and Xbox Series X|S, and cloud streaming through Nvidia GeForce Now. 
With that I want to leave you a trailer, and thank you so much. 

[audience applause] 
[ARC Raiders trailer starts] 

>> CELESTE: Where do we go from here? 
You've told us nothing of this place. 
Look at us now, 
Raiders, 
playing with fire. 
Everything to lose, 
but even more to gain. 

["ARC Raiders"] 
["Coming 2025"] 
["Playtesting starts this Fall"] 
